README.md, before:

<!--lint disable awesome-heading awesome-git-repo-age awesome-github awesome-toc-->

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <img width="400" src="./assets/logo.svg" alt="logo of awesome-vite repository">
  <br>
  <br>
</p>

<h2 align='center'>Awesome Vite.js</h2>

<p align='center'>
A curated list of awesome things related to <a href='https://github.com/vitejs/vite'>Vite.js</a>
<br><br>

<a href='https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome'>
<img src='https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg' alt='Awesome'>
</a>
</p>

## Resources

### Official Resources

- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/vitejs/vite)
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Vue 3 Docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/)
- [Awesome Vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue)

### Tutorials

- [How to get started with Vue.js 3 Vite](https://youtu.be/rcwaATlq7Ns) - Video tutorial by Erik (May 2020).
- [Writing a Vite plugin](https://medium.com/@axwdev/writing-a-vite-plugin-for-vue-3-5bcc1c0915e0) - Article by Andrew Walker (Jul 2020).
- [Vite with TypeScript + Preact](https://fettblog.eu/typescript-vite-preact/) - Article by Stefan Baumgartner (Jul 2020).

## Get Started

### [Create Vite App](https://github.com/vitejs/create-vite-app)

### Templates

#### Vue 3

- [vite-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/posva/vite-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with Tailwind CSS for fast prototyping.
- [vite-component-test-starter](https://github.com/JessicaSachs/vite-component-test-starter) - Starter template with Vue Test Utils.
- [vite-typescript-starter](https://github.com/ktsn/vite-typescript-starter) - Starter template with TypeScript.
- [vite-vue-i18n-starter](https://github.com/intlify/vite-vue-i18n-starter) - Starter template with `vue-i18n`.
- [vite-vueuse-starter](https://github.com/antfu/vite-vueuse-starter) - Starter template with VueUse and TypeScript.
- [Vitesse](https://github.com/antfu/vitesse) - Opinionated Vite starter template.
- [Tailwind CSS Preset](https://github.com/use-preset/tailwindcss) - A preset adding Tailwind CSS to a Vite application.
- [V-Dashboard](https://github.com/sorxrob/v-dashboard) - Dashboard starter template built with Vue 3 and Tailwind CSS.
- [VueCrudX](https://github.com/ais-one/vue-crud-x) - Sample CRUD, ECharts & Leaflet example application using web components.
- [kirby-vue3-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-vue3-starterkit) - SPA starterkit with Vue 3 and Kirby.
- [vite-electron-quick](https://github.com/MangoTsing/vite-electron-quick) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript and Electron.
- [vite-ts-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/Uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Cypress.io e2e tests.
- [vue-vben-admin-2.0](https://github.com/anncwb/vue-vben-admin) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Ant Design Vue2.
- [electron-vue-next](https://github.com/ci010/electron-vue-next) - Starter template using Vue 3 in Vite and latest Electron with fluent VS Code debug and GitHub release process out-of-box.
- [vite-components-playground](https://xxholly32.github.io/vite-components-playground/) - A common Vue 3 components playground.

#### React

- [vite-react-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/sorxrob/vite-react-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with React and Tailwind CSS.

## Plugins

### Routing

- [vite-plugin-voie](https://github.com/vamplate/vite-plugin-voie) - File system-based routing plugin.

### Loaders

- [vite-plugin-svg](https://github.com/visualfanatic/vite-plugin-svg) - Use SVG files as Vue components.
- [vite-plugin-vuedoc](https://github.com/JasKang/vite-plugin-vuedoc) - A markdown & vue preview plugin.
- [vite-plugin-rust](https://github.com/gliheng/vite-plugin-rust) - Load rust-compiled WebAssembly packages.

### SSR

- [zipe](https://github.com/pikax/zipe) - Server-side renderer.

### Testing

- [vite-plugin-mock](https://github.com/anncwb/vite-plugin-mock) - A mock plugin for vite.
- [vite-plugin-mockit](https://github.com/xuxihai123/vite-plugin-mockit) - A simple mock plugin for Vite, with Koa's style.

### Integrations

- [vite-plugin-vue-i18n](https://github.com/intlify/vite-plugin-vue-i18n) - `vue-i18n` custom block integration.
- [vite-plugin-purge-icons](https://github.com/antfu/purge-icons/tree/main/packages/vite-plugin-purge-icons) - Bundles icons on demand by PurgeIcons.
- [vite-plugin-pwa](https://github.com/antfu/vite-plugin-pwa) - Zero-config PWA for Vite.

### Resolvers

- [vite-tsconfig-paths](https://github.com/aleclarson/vite-tsconfig-paths) - Support for TypeScript's path mapping.

### Transformers

- [vite-transform-globby-import](https://github.com/luxueyan/vite-transform-globby-import) - Simple globby-import transform.
- [vite-plugin-html](https://github.com/anncwb/vite-plugin-html) - A plugin for vite to Minimize index.html and use lodash.template template syntax in `index.html`.

### Helpers

- [vite-plugin-components](https://github.com/antfu/vite-plugin-components) - On-demand components auto-importing.
- [@baleada/vite-serve-as-vue](https://baleada.netlify.app/docs/vite-serve-as-vue) - Dev server plugin to serve any files as hot-reloadable Vue components.
- [@baleada/vite-serve-virtual](https://baleada.netlify.app/docs/vite-serve-virtual) - Dev server plugin to serve virtual files of any type.

### Plugins for frameworks other than Vue 3

#### for Vue 2

- [vite-plugin-vue2](https://github.com/underfin/vite-plugin-vue2) - Vue2 integration.

#### for React

- [vite-plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react) - (official) React fast-refresh plugin for.
- [vite-plugin-react-page](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-pages) - (official) React application framework powered by Vite.
- [vite-plugin-mdx](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-pages/tree/master/packages/vite-plugin-mdx) - MDX fast-refresh support.

#### for Svelte

- [svite](https://github.com/dominikg/svite) - Svelte integration.
- [vite-plugin-svelte](https://github.com/intrnl/vite-plugin-svelte) - Svelte integration.

## Projects Using Vite.js

### Open Source

- [VitePress](https://github.com/vuejs/vitepress) (official)
- [TroisJS](https://github.com/troisjs/trois) - Three.js integration with Vite and Vue 3.

### Apps/Websites

- [Icônes](https://github.com/antfu/icones) - Icon explorer with instant search.
- [Awesome CN Café](https://github.com/antfu/awesome-cn-cafe-web) - Web application for Awesome CN Café.
- [Todo Example](https://github.com/beary/vite-example) - Todo app with routing and state management.
- [Tailwind Pre-Processor](https://github.com/xiaoluoboding/tailwind-pre-processor) - An implementation of Tailwind CSS using Less / Stylus / Sass / SCSS.
- [npmview](https://github.com/pd4d10/npmview) - A web application to view npm package files.
- [Layoutit Grid](https://github.com/Leniolabs/layoutit-grid) - Interactive CSS Grid layout generator.

### Commercial Products

> TODO

### Enterprise Usage

> TODO

Commit message:

feat: add TypGame (#33)
* TypGame added.

added a new webapp with vite and tailwind hosted on netlify.

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

<!--lint disable awesome-heading awesome-git-repo-age awesome-github awesome-toc-->

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <img width="400" src="./assets/logo.svg" alt="logo of awesome-vite repository">
  <br>
  <br>
</p>

<h2 align='center'>Awesome Vite.js</h2>

<p align='center'>
A curated list of awesome things related to <a href='https://github.com/vitejs/vite'>Vite.js</a>
<br><br>

<a href='https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome'>
<img src='https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg' alt='Awesome'>
</a>
</p>

## Resources

### Official Resources

- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/vitejs/vite)
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Vue 3 Docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/)
- [Awesome Vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue)

### Tutorials

- [How to get started with Vue.js 3 Vite](https://youtu.be/rcwaATlq7Ns) - Video tutorial by Erik (May 2020).
- [Writing a Vite plugin](https://medium.com/@axwdev/writing-a-vite-plugin-for-vue-3-5bcc1c0915e0) - Article by Andrew Walker (Jul 2020).
- [Vite with TypeScript + Preact](https://fettblog.eu/typescript-vite-preact/) - Article by Stefan Baumgartner (Jul 2020).

## Get Started

### [Create Vite App](https://github.com/vitejs/create-vite-app)

### Templates

#### Vue 3

- [vite-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/posva/vite-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with Tailwind CSS for fast prototyping.
- [vite-component-test-starter](https://github.com/JessicaSachs/vite-component-test-starter) - Starter template with Vue Test Utils.
- [vite-typescript-starter](https://github.com/ktsn/vite-typescript-starter) - Starter template with TypeScript.
- [vite-vue-i18n-starter](https://github.com/intlify/vite-vue-i18n-starter) - Starter template with `vue-i18n`.
- [vite-vueuse-starter](https://github.com/antfu/vite-vueuse-starter) - Starter template with VueUse and TypeScript.
- [Vitesse](https://github.com/antfu/vitesse) - Opinionated Vite starter template.
- [Tailwind CSS Preset](https://github.com/use-preset/tailwindcss) - A preset adding Tailwind CSS to a Vite application.
- [V-Dashboard](https://github.com/sorxrob/v-dashboard) - Dashboard starter template built with Vue 3 and Tailwind CSS.
- [VueCrudX](https://github.com/ais-one/vue-crud-x) - Sample CRUD, ECharts & Leaflet example application using web components.
- [kirby-vue3-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-vue3-starterkit) - SPA starterkit with Vue 3 and Kirby.
- [vite-electron-quick](https://github.com/MangoTsing/vite-electron-quick) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript and Electron.
- [vite-ts-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/Uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Cypress.io e2e tests.
- [vue-vben-admin-2.0](https://github.com/anncwb/vue-vben-admin) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Ant Design Vue2.
- [electron-vue-next](https://github.com/ci010/electron-vue-next) - Starter template using Vue 3 in Vite and latest Electron with fluent VS Code debug and GitHub release process out-of-box.
- [vite-components-playground](https://xxholly32.github.io/vite-components-playground/) - A common Vue 3 components playground.

#### React

- [vite-react-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/sorxrob/vite-react-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with React and Tailwind CSS.

## Plugins

### Routing

- [vite-plugin-voie](https://github.com/vamplate/vite-plugin-voie) - File system-based routing plugin.

### Loaders

- [vite-plugin-svg](https://github.com/visualfanatic/vite-plugin-svg) - Use SVG files as Vue components.
- [vite-plugin-vuedoc](https://github.com/JasKang/vite-plugin-vuedoc) - A markdown & vue preview plugin.
- [vite-plugin-rust](https://github.com/gliheng/vite-plugin-rust) - Load rust-compiled WebAssembly packages.

### SSR

- [zipe](https://github.com/pikax/zipe) - Server-side renderer.

### Testing

- [vite-plugin-mock](https://github.com/anncwb/vite-plugin-mock) - A mock plugin for vite.
- [vite-plugin-mockit](https://github.com/xuxihai123/vite-plugin-mockit) - A simple mock plugin for Vite, with Koa's style.

### Integrations

- [vite-plugin-vue-i18n](https://github.com/intlify/vite-plugin-vue-i18n) - `vue-i18n` custom block integration.
- [vite-plugin-purge-icons](https://github.com/antfu/purge-icons/tree/main/packages/vite-plugin-purge-icons) - Bundles icons on demand by PurgeIcons.
- [vite-plugin-pwa](https://github.com/antfu/vite-plugin-pwa) - Zero-config PWA for Vite.

### Resolvers

- [vite-tsconfig-paths](https://github.com/aleclarson/vite-tsconfig-paths) - Support for TypeScript's path mapping.

### Transformers

- [vite-transform-globby-import](https://github.com/luxueyan/vite-transform-globby-import) - Simple globby-import transform.
- [vite-plugin-html](https://github.com/anncwb/vite-plugin-html) - A plugin for vite to Minimize index.html and use lodash.template template syntax in `index.html`.

### Helpers

- [vite-plugin-components](https://github.com/antfu/vite-plugin-components) - On-demand components auto-importing.
- [@baleada/vite-serve-as-vue](https://baleada.netlify.app/docs/vite-serve-as-vue) - Dev server plugin to serve any files as hot-reloadable Vue components.
- [@baleada/vite-serve-virtual](https://baleada.netlify.app/docs/vite-serve-virtual) - Dev server plugin to serve virtual files of any type.

### Plugins for frameworks other than Vue 3

#### for Vue 2

- [vite-plugin-vue2](https://github.com/underfin/vite-plugin-vue2) - Vue2 integration.

#### for React

- [vite-plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react) - (official) React fast-refresh plugin for.
- [vite-plugin-react-page](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-pages) - (official) React application framework powered by Vite.
- [vite-plugin-mdx](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-pages/tree/master/packages/vite-plugin-mdx) - MDX fast-refresh support.

#### for Svelte

- [svite](https://github.com/dominikg/svite) - Svelte integration.
- [vite-plugin-svelte](https://github.com/intrnl/vite-plugin-svelte) - Svelte integration.

## Projects Using Vite.js

### Open Source

- [VitePress](https://github.com/vuejs/vitepress) (official)
- [TroisJS](https://github.com/troisjs/trois) - Three.js integration with Vite and Vue 3.

### Apps/Websites

- [Icônes](https://github.com/antfu/icones) - Icon explorer with instant search.
- [Awesome CN Café](https://github.com/antfu/awesome-cn-cafe-web) - Web application for Awesome CN Café.
- [Todo Example](https://github.com/beary/vite-example) - Todo app with routing and state management.
- [Tailwind Pre-Processor](https://github.com/xiaoluoboding/tailwind-pre-processor) - An implementation of Tailwind CSS using Less / Stylus / Sass / SCSS.
- [npmview](https://github.com/pd4d10/npmview) - A web application to view npm package files.
- [Layoutit Grid](https://github.com/Leniolabs/layoutit-grid) - Interactive CSS Grid layout generator.
- [TypGame](https://github.com/rupamkairi/TypGame) - Test your Typing performance with simple and easy interface.

### Commercial Products

> TODO

### Enterprise Usage

> TODO
